# Minimal Webpack Boilerplate

A minimal webpack boilerplate focused on Angular. You can easily update it to work with other tools.

# Global Requirements

1. Node and npm
2. bower: `npm i bower -g`
3. (Optional) CoffeeScript `npm install -g coffee-script`
4. Java (for protractor)
5. Testem `npm i testem -g`
6. protractor: `npm i protractor@2.5.1 -g`
7. nodemon: `npm i nodemon -g`

**Oneliner:**

    npm i bower coffee-script testem protractor@2.5.1 nodemon -g

# Set up

Set up dependencies with:

1. `npm i` in the root of the project
2. `npm i` in the server folder
3. `bower i` in the client folder

### Set Module name

Set your module name in three places:

1. `config/client.config.js`
2. `client/src/main.js`
3. `client/index.html`

Look for the string `mymodulename`

# Start Development

### IMPORTANT NOTES
****

Before you start, remember the following notes

- all the source code **MUST** go into `client/src`. **The idea is not to expose this folder by any means**

- If you want to access arbitrary static files, put them in `client/static`. This folder is exposed via the `/static` server path if you decide to take advantage of the provided express server.

- Also, leave the `client/static/bundle` alone. The content of that folder is generated by webpack when you `require` anything in your app.

- Webpack is already looking at the `client/src` folder for "assets". So you can simply require things without specifying `client/src` everytime. That is, if a file is at `client/src/component/component.js`, you can require it with: `require('component/component.js')`. If you want to set more "modules folder", add them to the `config/client.config.js` file, in the `resolve` section.

****

After installing the dependencies, run the following to start development:

    npm start

Then go to `http://localhost:8051` to see the app.

# Running Tests

## Unit Tests

1. CI Mode: `npm test`
2. Watch tdd mode: `npm run tdd`


## Protractor Tests

1. First, start the app: `npm start`

	the open a new terminal tab and do:

2. `npm run test:func`

# Building

You can build the client with:

	npm run build

Then, you can serve it with:

	npm run server:prod

### Build and serve

The alias for buld and run is `npm run pl`
